---
title: "Slump - Part 2"
date: 2022-12-15
---

# December 13, 2022
## Calculus Class Cancellation

I had already planned my day. But in the back of my head, I was hoping that our Calculus professor would announce the cancellation of the class early. This is because on that day, I only have two classes. From 12:15 - 1:45, it would be Calculus time. And then for 2:00 - 5:00, it would be Computer Aided Drafting Time. The CAD professor announced that she was having asynchronous classes.

All I need is an announcement from our Calculus professor, but that never came. I am still under that impression that there is a face to face class. I left at around 9:30. Got there at around 11:15. With the time fast approaching 12:15, we were preparing for him to go inside the room. Until one of our blockmates looked at the Microsoft Teams chat for Calculus class with an announcement from 11:34:

> "Good am, asynchronous class today."

_I feel so good._

I just wasted 300 pesos, return trip included.  This is the second time I accomplished nothing going to campus. I went home, not complaining anymore. It was just a case of bad timing.

Plus, my mother said:

> "I would rather regret going to campus, and then finding out there is no class; rather than not going to campus hoping there is no class, and then finding out there is class."

*She's right.*

***

# December 14, 2022
# Sir EJ Surprise Christmas Gift.

Even before Monday came around the corner, I was already studying the topics related to the quiz. He announced last week the quiz coverage. There were so many, but I had planned to study them all. I knew that there were some hard topics that I need to reinforce on studying, so I really dedicated time to study every night. 
 
During the last night, I was so tired that I didn't study at all. I overslept and woke up when it is time for me to wake up for school. I ended up not studying at least 2 topics, and also didn't study along the way. _The ride makes me dizzy_

I got there 11:30, a good hour before quiz time.

When Sir arrived, he wrote the questions on the board.

We were solving it until he said in Filipino:

> "Don't you see the hidden code on the board?"

We stopped and looked at him, looked at the board, found nothing and then looked at him again.

> "Read the first letter of every line I wrote on the board", He said in Filipino.

And so we read.

> "papasko ko na sa inyo, perfect na kayo dito"

Half joy felt! I was relieved because I am sure I won't correctly answer all the questions he gave. But partly sad, because I used money again.

Still, I do not regret going to school, at least I was there when Sir gave out the exemption. My score is in the clear. Imagine if I made the decision not to go to school on this day. I would be left wondering if I am included or not.

***

# December 15, 2022
# What is Next?

Moving forward, I have 2 weeks worth of vacation on my hands, and I already have plans on what I should do in this time. They are divided into categories:
- Academics
    - UTS - Audio Skit
    - MMW - EA5 (Dec.21)
    - Chemistry Lab - Sci Paper on Water Purification
    - Recollection Schedule Setting
    - CAD Review and Study
    - *Chemistry Intense Review and Study*
    - *Calculus Intense Review and Study*
- Upskilling
    - Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador apply
    - IECEP Code 1.0 - 3.0 Recording Study
        1. PCB Design (KiCAD)
        2. Python
        3. Arduino
    - IBM Quantum Computing
    - Google UX Design
    - Google IT Support
    - Google IT Automation with Python
    - Coursebank Courses
        - IOT using Arduino in Tinkercad
        - Firebase as an Application Backend
        - Canva for Graphic Design
    - Derek Seward - Race Car Design
    - Autodesk Applications Learning
        - Instructables Contests
        - Inventor
        - Revit
    - C/C++
    - Microsoft Azure Certification Exam Review
    - AWS Certification Exam Review
    - Github Skills
- Others
    - SEDS Philippines - Fundraising Team Duties
    - PDC-AT - Preparation
    - COL Financial Investment - Study

_I need every second I can get. Wish me all the luck in the world._
