---
title: "Laundry"
date: 2022-11-02
---

Today, I did laundry but only for the clothes that we use for our dishes and kitchen utensils. It was fairly easy because it only used the washing machine in our dirty kitchen. Plus, it was just two sets for the day. The real laundry action happens every Sunday or Monday because of my college schedule.

Another highlight for today is my sister's Harry Potter journey. 

She started watching HP movies a few days ago. She has been asking me for details and potential spoilers ever since. It has ended today, for she has completed the final movie. I did not tell her about Snape and how central he is to the story. She cried at the end. She rates the whole series a 9/10. She says -1 because it made her cry. I think I did a good job guiding her through because she usually doesn't like long movies, fantasy, magic and movies that require high immersion. Hopefully, she is on her way to being a Potterhead :)

-----------------------------------

The Halloween party last Monday was ok. I stayed at home 99% of the time, except for a short visit to the clubhouse because I wanted to take a short peek of what was about to come to our house (We were one of many stations around the house). Out of 60 bags that my sister and mother prepared, 5 remained. That was close.

I completed the Microsoft Ignite: Intelligent Cloud Skills Challenge. I will just have to wait after November 10 for the free exam voucher. Looking forward to taking and passing those tests. I also have 50% exam vouchers each for the AWS Cloud Practitioner and Solutions Architect - Associate. I need to study for both exams by at least April next year. I am not sure when thos vouchers would expire. But I have to study. This goes the same for the Azure Certification exam voucher. I don't know the mechanics yet.

I didn't pass an entry to the October 31 essay. -1 stress level complete.

The Nationals was moved back from the 17th to the 15th. I really need to study right now. Maybe after tomorrow. We will visit my uncle's resting place tomorrow.

Class was cancelled by the Governor from Today up to the 5th. Nothing scheduled to pass, so I have nothing to worry for now.

Today, I completed the first of seven courses in the Google UX Design Professional Certificate. Currently on the 1st week of the second course. Although after finishing 2 or 3 more weeks (which will take me about another 2 or 3 days), I will now fully focus on the National ECE Math Olympiad.