---
title: "Six Days Until 2023"
date: 2022-12-26
---
Today was laundry day. There was nothing much happening today, except the usual. We didn't go out today either.

Here are the events, thoughts and things I remember or have been bottling up since last time I posted here(which was 11 days ago).

---

# Cicada 3301 in the Philippines?
A post on [a freedom wall](https://web.facebook.com/hashtag/dlsudfw_2790) reminded me of the Cicada 3301 puzzle. I remember hurriedly borrowing my sister's laptop and trying to extract details from the picture using [boxentriq](https://www.boxentriq.com/). I gave up after an hour, because Mom si already giving me the side eyes, and I was supposed to be helping my sister cook and prepare food for tomorrow (25). I will try tinkering with it again these next few days.

---

# Care Patrol - Finance Team Duties (NSTP)
With only two members on that team, I am single-handedly trying to make this team function. The other team member is an irregular student who isn't cooperating that much with the rest of the group. Especially me. I am the only person who needs to directly work with him, therefore, I need his help and support. 

He doesn't respond to Messages fast. Nor does he seem like cooperating.

Hence, I took the responsibility of the whole team as my own. I am now in charge of the group's budget, and a financial report. While I do not heavily need his support, I know that his inactivity will become an issue down the line. Especially with meticulous groupmates/friends in the group, he surely won't pass easily. 

I need to do that report ASAP. Donations are already coming in!

---

# Microsoft Student Learn Ambassador Application
I just need to complete a video and an essay to progress with the application. I may or may not have been a very ambitious guy.

So, If I ever get accepted, I need to be able to connect with a community to be able to conduct events which I would be able to use as a way to level up. There are the Alpha, Beta, and Gold levels I think? Plus, these levels come with different perks which are really helpful for one's career trajectory. I want those. 

---

# Github Campus Student Campus Expert Application.
Welp. Even someone better than me won't apply until 2024. I will still try to apply though. Because, why not? Applications will open this February. This means I have a full month in January to improve my GitHub/Programming skills. 

I have a connection on LinkedIn. He also hails from my univeristy and is planning to open a [GDSC](https://developers.google.com/community/gdsc) at our university. He is a Computer Science freshman student. I also told him I'd be willing to be an officer. My plans may or may not rely on his next steps. This is why I am not relying too much on this and working on my own. I am sure that if he succeeds and I am going well with my activities, when we join forces in the future, it would have a tremendous impact. I am hoping that he becomes successful in his GDSC application, which will happen sometime in April or May.

---

# Understanding the Self - Audio Skit
This has been lingering in my mind since the start of the Christmas vacation. It invovles formulating an original story that focuses on the topics we discussed this semester. I feel burdened because my groupmates know me as a writer. I feel like they are banking on me to form a story ASAP. Not just that, but it needs to be told only through audio. I need to start doing this as well ASAP.

---

# C and Python learning
I have been learning both these languages consistently for a while now. I am sure I will be needing them in our future years as an Engineering major. I have heard thatw e will work with the Arduino and the Raspberry Pis. Looking forward to those times actually!

But not only that, I am learning them as well because I plan on being serious now on Competitive Programming and having technical knowledge appropriate for startups and internships. Knowledge is still the key in the 21st century! Knowledge is key, and data is gold!

---

# IECEP Code 1.0, 2.0, 3.0
I while relentlessly inquire ECEPC members about this, especially Kuya Coby. These are series of webinars focusing on PCB Designing, Python programming, and Arduino programming respectively. They happened during the last weeks of November, but there is a recording. Now, where is the access to those recordings?

---
# SEDSPH Fundraising Team Duties
Ah yes, this one. I still do not know what to expect. I hope to perform well in this organization.
[SEDSPH](sedsph.vercel.app) is a youth-led community that is focused on space and space-related technologies.

However, I still am not added to the group chats that they have promised to add me in after responding to the Acceptance email.

Still waiting...