---
title: "May 2023 Recap"
date: 2023-05-30
---

<h3> USEC Aftermath </h3>

The night before the announcement of candidates, I received an email saying that I have been disqualified from running in the 2023 Student Elections. I and my friend Rayan failed to qualify because students are only allowed to run if they are enrolled in the university for more than a year already. We were just enrolled for 8 months. 

In my opinion, the 1 year residency makes sense. It shows how dedicated potential candidates are for the position. 

With this said, when tomorrow came, there were only a few students who ran for positions. For reference, the University Student Government is composed of a President, Vice President, 2 Senators from each college (total of 14), and a Representative from Each Program (which will be the composition of the USG House of Representatives). Only 1 set of President-Vice President filed for candidacy, only one candidate for CSIT Representative filed for candidacy. No one filed for Senate positions.

As for the College Student Government, at least one tandem for the positions of Governor and Vice Governor ran unopposed, with the exception of the CCJE, which fielded no candidates for the CSG Elections. All CSG also has 7 Legislative Councillors. CLAC was the only one who had a candidate for those positions. Only one filed.

It won't be easy for them though. When running unopposed, the basis of election would be so-called "vote of confidence", where the candidates must receive a percentage of votes in relation to their voting population. For example, a voting population of 1-100 people would require 50% or 50 people to vote for you, for you to be elected.

---

<h3> DLSUD Freedom Wall </h3>

After numerous Freedom Wall attempts, another one resurfaced.

Election Candidates Public Scrutiny.
Two weeks without classes.

SPARTA Approval and finished 25% of the 1st course, out of around 18 courses.
CEAT Rebyuhan discusser
Incentives hunt for Engr. Hicaro and Engr. Pereras

Software Ideas:
1. Volume of Sphere of Revolution 3D visualizer
2. Gantt Chart maker - simple and straightforward, good for one time, simple use
3. Phone scan directly to Google Drive and Microsoft 

Plans/Events for June:
June 1: Recollection
June 2: CEAT Rebyuhan
June 3: NSTP Outreach Program
June 5/6: Final Term Payment
June 12-17: Final Term Summative Assessment Week
June 17: Target Date to take the AWS Cloud Practitioner Exam
June 20: Coursera Scholarship Ends (Google Data Analyst, Google UX Design, Google Automation with Python)
June 21 - Onwards: Amateur Radio License, GDSC Lead, Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador, QxQ Ambassador apply, Prepare self for coding internship applications like Recurse, MLH Fellowship, Paragon One, and other onsite internships such as the CERN and Japan Materials Science.


