---
title: "Update"
date: 2023-01-09
---

9 days have passed. I made sure to set goals for this year and laid out milestones for me to reach as the months pass by. Today, I think there were many opportunities that are thrown in my way. I am out here to get them all. Hopefully, 2023 is my year. 

Here are some of my mini-achievements this year so far.

I have applied to join MIT's IQuHack 2023 this January 27-29, 2023.
I also applied to join Qubit by Qubit's Microsoft Winter School which will be held this February 4-5 and 11-12.

Today, I also sent in my externship application to the National Geographic x The Nature Conservancy Program, because, why not (there is a $500 stipend for the two month duration...). I am also planning on applying on another externship under Energy Innovations Capital, which I found on the same site of the NatGeo one, I think it focuses on VC Investment and Engineering.

I have also started revamping my portfolio and keep a handwritten dev journal to track my plans and progress on whatever project I am working on. It is proving to be effective. In fact, I am on a roll this year so far. 

When not blogging, designing my portfolio website, or learning Quantum Computing, I am learning Python on the side, thanks to the Google IT Automation with Python Professional Certificate granted by Grow with Google program. Looking for ward to actually finish that.

In the next week or two, I will start and finish my application for the Microsoft Student Learn Ambassador program.

I am on the lookout for Outreachy's, MLH's and CERN's respective internship programs because they will all open around February. Those are all prestigious. I want to get into at least two of them.

Speaking of February, the Github Campus Expert will open, I am still unsure if I will apply or not. I want to because I want to. I don't want to because of respect to another aspirant from another program which is more relevant to the Github Campus Expert program. Plus, if i get in, will I actually do any community building? Add to that the fact that there is no strong tech focused community to join or lead in our university.

February is also the start of our second semester for first year. One of so many battles I will face this year. 

*I am prepared to take them all down.*
*** Good luck to you, December 9 version of myself.*** 